.TH openTIDAL_GetTrack 3 "04 Jan 2021" "libopenTIDAL 0.0.1" "libopenTIDAL Manual"
.SH NAME
openTIDAL_GetTrack, openTIDAL_GetTrackMix, openTIDAL_GetTrackStream \- Request track metadata and streams
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <openTIDAL/openTIDAL.h>

.BI "openTIDAL_ContentContainer *openTIDAL_GetTrack (openTIDAL_SessionContainer *session, const char *trackid);"

.BI "openTIDAL_ContentContainer *openTIDAL_GetTrackMix (openTIDAL_SessionContainer *session, const char *trackid);"

.BI "openTIDAL_ContentContainer *openTIDAL_GetTrackStream (openTIDAL_SessionContainer *session, const char *trackid);"
.SH DESCRIPTION
The openTIDAL_GetTrack family of service functions requests track metadata and http content streams from the TIDAL API.
These service calls \fBmust\fP have a corresponding call to \fIopenTIDAL_StructDelete(3)\fP when the operation is complete. 

The \fBopenTIDAL_GetTrack\fP() function (GET /v1/tracks/{id}) requests track metadata.

The \fBopenTIDAL_GetTrackMix\fP() function (GET /v1/tracks/{id}/mix) requests the track mix radio.
Only the mix-id is populated. You need to call \fIopenTIDAL_GetMix(3)\fP for mix metadata.

The \fBopenTIDAL_GetTrackStream\fP() function (GET /v1/tracks/{id}/playbackinfopostpaywall) requests a http content stream.
The audio-quality is specified in the session configuration file but can be changed. Depending on the subscription type four
different audio-quality presets are available. With the \fB"LOW"\fP preset, tracks are encoded in 96kbps AAC. \fB"HIGH"\fP
preset tracks are encoded in 320kbps AAC. If the user has an active hifi subscription two additional modes are available.
\fB"LOSSLESS"\fP preset tracks are encoded in 1411kbps 16bit/44.1kHz FLAC. \fB"HI_RES"\fP preset tracks are encoded in 24bit/96kHz
MQA FLAC.
.SH STRUCTURE
\fIopenTIDAL_ItemsContainer(7)\fP

\fIopenTIDAL_MixContainer(7)\fP

\fIopenTIDAL_StreamContainer(7)\fP
.SH RETURN VALUE
If no memory allocation error occurred in allocating the \fIopenTIDAL_ContentContainer(7)\fP, a
pointer to a \fIopenTIDAL_ContentContainer(7)\fP will be returned.
With this function the structures inside the \fIopenTIDAL_ContentContainer(7)\fP are allocated and
populated.
Otherwise it returns a NULL pointer.
(See \fIopenTIDAL_StatusCodes(7)\fP and \fIopenTIDAL_ContentContainer(7)\fP).
.SH EXAMPLE
\fIopenTIDAL_ServiceRequestExample(7)\fP
