.TH openTIDAL_AuthCreateUserCode 3 "04 Jan 2021" "libopenTIDAL 0.0.1" "libopenTIDAL Manual"
.SH NAME
openTIDAL_AuthCreateUserCode \- Request a user- and device-code pair
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <openTIDAL/openTIDAL.h>

.BI "openTIDAL_ContentContainer *openTIDAL_AuthCreateUserCode (openTIDAL_SessionContainer *session);"
.SH DESCRIPTION
This service function requests a userCode and a deviceCode from the TIDAL auth server.
\fBlibopenTIDAL\fP(3) uses the oAuth2.0 device authorisation grant (RFC 8628) to authenticate with
the TIDAL API. This grant is primarily useful for restricted input devices such as TVs or
browser-less applications. TIDALs oAuth2.0 web-flow (RFC 6749) is reCaptcha v3 secured
and thus can’t be used outside a web browser. 

.nf
.B Device Authorisation Grant
.fi
Call the \fIopenTIDAL_AuthCreateCode(3)\fP service function to request a userCode and a deviceCode.
If successful instruct the user to authorise the session with the userCode and the URI. While doing
that poll the authorisation server with the \fIopenTIDAL_AuthCreateBearerToken(3)\fP service function.
The polling cycle has a specified minimum interval between each request.
The userCode and deviceCode pair has a specified lifetime. If the user was not able to authenticate
in this timeframe request a new code pair.
The authorisation server returns the access- and refresh-token and other user values after
successful authentication by the user.

By automating the URI opening in the web browser the steps done by the user can be reduced.
The user essentially only needs to enter the five character long userCode.
The authorisation type in the browser is the web-flow (RFC 6749).
The username/password and third-party oAuth2.0 authorisation methods are supported.

.SH STRUCTURE
\fIopenTIDAL_LoginCodeContainer(7)\fP
.SH RETURN VALUE
If no memory allocation error occurred in allocating the \fIopenTIDAL_ContentContainer(7)\fP, a
pointer to a \fIopenTIDAL_ContentContainer(7)\fP will be returned.
With this function the code structure inside the \fIopenTIDAL_ContentContainer(7)\fP is allocated and
populated.
Otherwise it returns a NULL pointer.
(See \fIopenTIDAL_StatusCodes(7)\fP and \fIopenTIDAL_ContentContainer(7)\fP).
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
openTIDAL_SessionContainer session;
openTIDAL_Verbose (1);
openTIDAL_SessionInit (&session, "/Users/hugo/Desktop/config.json");
openTIDAL_ContentContainer *resolve = openTIDAL_AuthCreateUserCode (&session);
if (resolve)
    if (resolve->status == 1) {
        printf ("UserCode: %s\n", resolve->code->userCode);
        while (time (NULL) <= resolve->code->expires_in) {
            sleep (resolve->code->interval);
            openTIDAL_ContentContainer *token;

            token = openTIDAL_AuthCreateBearerToken (&session, resolve->code->deviceCode);
            if (token) {
                if (token->status == 2)
                    printf ("%s\n", "Authorization Pending...");
                else if (token->status == 1) {
                    printf ("%s\n", "Authorization Successfull!");
                    openTIDAL_SessionCreateFile (&session);
                    break;
                }
                openTIDAL_StructDelete (token);
            }
        }
    };
openTIDAL_StructDelete (resolve);
openTIDAL_SessionCleanup (&session);
.fi
