.TH openTIDAL_GetVideo 3 "04 Jan 2021" "libopenTIDAL 0.0.1" "libopenTIDAL Manual"
.SH NAME
openTIDAL_GetVideo, openTIDAL_GetVideoStream \- Request video metadata and streams
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <openTIDAL/openTIDAL.h>

.BI "openTIDAL_ContentContainer *openTIDAL_GetVideo (openTIDAL_SessionContainer *session, const char *videoid);"

.BI "openTIDAL_ContentContainer *openTIDAL_GetVideoStream (openTIDAL_SessionContainer *session, const char *videoid);"
.SH DESCRIPTION
The openTIDAL_GetVideo family of service functions requests track metadata and http content streams. These service calls
\fBmust\fP have a corresponding call to \fIopenTIDAL_StructDelete(3)\fP when the operation is complete.

The \fBopenTIDAL_GetVideo\fP() function (GET /v1/videos/{id}) requests video metadata.

The \fBopenTIDAL_GetVideoStream\fP() function (GET /v1/videos/{id}/playbackinfopostpaywall) requests a http content stream.
There are four different audio-quality presets available: \fB"AUDIO_ONLY"\fP, \fB"LOW"\fP, \fB"MEDIUM"\fP, \fB"HIGH"\fP.
TIDAL distributes video streams in the HLS format. Adaptive playback with variable resolutions are part of the HLS format.
.SH STRUCTURE
\fIopenTIDAL_ItemsContainer(7)\fP

\fIopenTIDAL_StreamContainer(7)\fP
.SH RETURN VALUE
If no memory allocation error occurred in allocating the \fIopenTIDAL_ContentContainer(7)\fP, a
pointer to a \fIopenTIDAL_ContentContainer(7)\fP will be returned.
With this function the structures inside the \fIopenTIDAL_ContentContainer(7)\fP are allocated and
populated.
Otherwise it returns a NULL pointer.
(See \fIopenTIDAL_StatusCodes(7)\fP and \fIopenTIDAL_ContentContainer(7)\fP).
.SH EXAMPLE
\fIopenTIDAL_ServiceRequestExample(7)\fP
