.TH openTIDAL_GetArtist 3 "04 Jan 2021" "libopenTIDAL 0.0.1" "libopenTIDAL Manual"
.SH NAME
openTIDAL_GetArtist, openTIDAL_GetArtistLink, openTIDAL_GetArtistMix, openTIDAL_GetArtistTopTracks, openTIDAL_GetArtistVideos, openTIDAL_GetArtistAlbums \- Request artist metadata
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <openTIDAL/openTIDAL.h> 

.BI "openTIDAL_ContentContainer *openTIDAL_GetArtist (openTIDAL_SessionContainer *session, const char *artistid);"

.BI "openTIDAL_ContentContainer *openTIDAL_GetArtistLink (openTIDAL_SessionContainer *session, const char *artistid, const int limit, const int offset);"

.BI "openTIDAL_ContentContainer *openTIDAL_GetArtistMix (openTIDAL_SessionContainer *session, const char *artistid);"

.BI "openTIDAL_ContentContainer *openTIDAL_GetArtistTopTracks (openTIDAL_SessionContainer *session, const char *artistid, const int limit, const int offset);"

.BI "openTIDAL_ContentContainer *openTIDAL_GetArtistVideos (openTIDAL_SessionContainer *session, const char *artistid, const int limit, const int offset);"

.BI "openTIDAL_ContentContainer *openTIDAL_GetArtistAlbums (openTIDAL_SessionContainer *session, const char *artistid, const int limit, const int offset);"
.SH DESCRIPTION
The openTIDAL_GetAlbum family of service functions requests playlist metadata from the TIDAL API. These service calls
\fBmust\fP have a corresponding call to \fIopenTIDAL_StructDelete(3)\fP when the operation is complete.

The \fBopenTIDAL_GetArtist\fP() function (GET /v1/artists/{id}) requests artist metadata.

The \fBopenTIDAL_GetArtistLink\fP() function (GET /v1/artists/{id}/links) requests artist cross-reference links to various
websites. *

The \fBopenTIDAL_GetArtistMix\fP() function (GET /v1/artists/{id}/mix) requests the artist mix radio.
Only the mix-id is populated. You need to call \fIopenTIDAL_GetMix(3)\fP for mix metadata.

The \fBopenTIDAL_GetArtistTopTracks\fP() function (GET /v1/artists/{id}/toptracks) requests artist toptracks. *

The \fBopenTIDAL_GetArtistVideos\fP() (GET /v1/artists/{id}/videos) and \fBopenTIDAL_GetArtistAlbums\fP() function
(GET /v1/artists/{id}/albums) request artist albums and videos. *

* This service function supports pagination and limitation. Keep in mind that the TIDAL API has restricted limits.
The "totalNumberOfItems" integer specifies the number of items that the artist content contains, regardless of the limit/offset.
Use this value in combination with the total number of items inside the respecting content pools (\fIopenTIDAL_ContentContainer(7)\fP)
to determine if a subsequent offset request is needed.
.SH STRUCTURE
\fIopenTIDAL_ArtistContainer(7)\fP

\fIopenTIDAL_LinkContainer(7)\fP

\fIopenTIDAL_MixContainer(7)\fP

\fIopenTIDAL_ItemsContainer(7)\fP

\fIopenTIDAL_AlbumContainer(7)\fP
.SH RETURN VALUE
If no memory allocation error occurred in allocating the \fIopenTIDAL_ContentContainer(7)\fP, a
pointer to a \fIopenTIDAL_ContentContainer(7)\fP will be returned.
With this function the structures inside the \fIopenTIDAL_ContentContainer(7)\fP are allocated and
populated.
Otherwise it returns a NULL pointer.
(See \fIopenTIDAL_StatusCodes(7)\fP and \fIopenTIDAL_ContentContainer(7)\fP).
.SH EXAMPLE
\fIopenTIDAL_ServiceRequestExample(7)\fP
