.TH OTServiceGetBearerToken 3 "11 Jan 2021" "libopenTIDAL 1.0.0" "libopenTIDAL Manual"
.SH NAME
OTServiceGetBearerToken \- Request an access- and refresh-token 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <openTIDAL/openTIDAL.h>

.BI "struct OTContentContainer *OTServiceGetBearerToken (struct OTSessionContainer *session, const char *const deviceCode, void *threadHandle);"
.SH DESCRIPTION
While the application is waiting for the user to complete the authorization flow
\fIOTServiceGetDeviceCode(3)\fP in their browser,
the device/application meanwhile begins polling \fIOTServiceGetBearerToken(3)\fP
to request an access token.

The application makes a POST request with the deviceCode at the rate specified by interval.
The device should continue requesting an access token until the status in the OTContentContainer
is SUCCESS. Remember to deallocate the OTContentContainer after each polling-cycle.

.nf
.B Thread Handle
.fi
You must never share the same handle in multiple threads. You can pass the handles around among threads, but you must never use a single handle from more than one thread at any given time.

Use the session main handle by parsing a NULL pointer.
.SH RETURN VALUE
If no memory allocation error occurred in allocating the \fIOTContentContainer(7)\fP, a
pointer to an \fIOTContentContainer(7)\fP will be returned.
Otherwise a NULL pointer will be returned.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR OTServiceGetDeviceCode "(3), " OTServiceLogout "(3), " OTServiceRefreshBearerToken "(3), "
.BR OTServiceGetStandard "(3), " OTServiceGetFavorites "(3) "
