.TH OTServiceGetStream 3 "11 Jan 2021" "libopenTIDAL 1.0.0" "libopenTIDAL Manual"
.SH NAME
OTServiceGetStream \- Request a track/video stream
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <openTIDAL/openTIDAL.h>

.BI "struct OTContentStreamContainer *OTServiceGetStream (struct OTSessionContainer *" session ", const char *const " prefix ", const char *const " id ", const int " isPreview ", void *" threadHandle ");"
.SH DESCRIPTION
The OTServiceStream service function requests TIDAL http streams.
This service call \fBmust\fP have a corresponding call to \fIOTDeallocContainer(3)\fP when the operation is complete.

The audio-quality is specified in the session configuration file but can be changed. Depending on the subscription type four
different audio-quality presets are available. With the \fBAUDIO_LOW\fP preset, tracks are encoded in 96kbps AAC. \fBAUDIO_HIGH\fP
preset tracks are encoded in 320kbps AAC. If the user has an active hifi subscription two additional modes are available.
\fBAUDIO_LOSSLESS\fP preset tracks are encoded in 1411kbps 16bit/44.1kHz FLAC. \fBAUDIO_HI_RES\fP preset tracks are encoded in 24bit/96kHz
MQA FLAC. \fIOTQuality(7)\fP.

.nf
.B Prefixes
"tracks", "videos"

.B Restricted Preview
.fi
With isPreview enabled, 30s previews of a track (64kbps 22.05kHz MP3) or a video (640x360 1116kbps MP4)
are available. Keep in mind that this endpoint is enabled on a few clientIds. 

.nf
.B Thread Handle
.fi
You must never share the same handle in multiple threads. You can pass the handles around among threads, but you must never use a single handle from more than one thread at any given time.

Use the session main handle by parsing a NULL pointer.
.SH RETURN VALUE
If no memory allocation error occurred in allocating the \fIOTContentStreamContainer(7)\fP, a
pointer to an \fIOTContentStreamContainer(7)\fP will be returned.
Otherwise a NULL pointer will be returned.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR OTServiceGetStandard "(3), " OTServiceGetPage "(3), "
.BR OTServiceFavorites "(3), " OTServiceSearch "(3), " OTServiceCreatePlaylist "(3) "
