.TH OTStatus 7 "11 Jan 2021" "libopenTIDAL 1.0.0" "libopenTIDAL Manual"
.SH NAME
OTStatus \- Status codes 
.SH DESCRIPTION
This man page includes all available status codes in libopenTIDAL.
Why they occur and possibly what you can do to fix the problem are also included.
.SH "OTStatus"
All service functions return a OTStatus code.

OTStatus is one of the following:
.IP "SUCCESS (0)"
All fine. Proceed as usual.
.IP "CURL_NOT_OK (1)"
libcurl returned an error code. Abort.
.IP "BAD_REQUEST (2)"
A HTTP 400 response.
The server could not understand the request due to invalid syntax.
Use the returned json tree to parse TIDAL specific error codes.
.IP "UNAUTHORISED (3)"
A HTTP 401 response.
Although the HTTP standard specifies "unauthorized", semantically this response means "unauthenticated".
That is, the client must authenticate itself to get the requested response.
Use the returned json tree to parse TIDAL specific error codes.
.IP "EXPIRED_SESSION (4)"
If a libopenTIDAL OAuth2 session expires and the refresh request fails this error occurres.
Abort. Refresh the session manually or repeat the previous service call.
.IP "ARTEFACT_NOT_FOUND (5)"
The artefact you requested does not exist.
This happens if you use the track streaming service function for a video artefact or vice-versa.
.IP "ASSET_NOT_READY_FOR_PLAYBACK (6)"
Make sure that the streamReady and allowStreaming boolean in the track metadata response are true.
Did you request a preview with a paid user-account?
.IP "PRECONDITION_FAILED (7)"
The If-None-Match header key (entity-tag) is invalid.
The entity-tag is used for optimistic concurrency control,
as a way to help prevent simultaneous updates of a resource from overwriting each other. 
Applied with the http header key "If-None-Match". Abort.
.IP "REDIRECT (8)"
A generic HTTP 3xx response.
.IP "CLIENT_ERROR (9)"
A generic HTTP 4xx response.
Use the returned json tree to parse TIDAL specific error codes.
.IP "SERVER_ERROR (10)"
A generic HTTP 5xx response.
Use the returned json tree to parse TIDAL specific error codes.
.IP "MALLOC_ERROR (11)"
This error occurres if either the returned content is not allocated correctly or the JSON parser returned NULL. Abort.
.IP "UNKNOWN_MANIFEST_MIMETYPE (12)"
This error occurres if the manifestMimeType is not application/vnd.tidal.bts.
application/vnd.tidal.bts is a vendor specific manifest. The content is represented in a JSON.
Only this mimetype returns a direct stream url.
The encrypted CENC streams, the application/dash+xml (MPEG DASH) manifest, is only used by the web app.
Abort.
.IP "UNKNOWN (13)"
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR OTSessionContainer "(7), " OTContentContainer "(7), " OTContentStreamContainer "(7), "
.BR OTQuality "(7), " OTTypes "(7) "
